copyblocks: support copying between Azure Blob Storage buckets (#4756)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] analyze prometheus: allow to specify `-prometheus-http-prefix`. #4966
* [ENHANCEMENT] analyze grafana: allow to specify `--folder-title` to limit dashboards analysis based on their exact folder title. #4973

### Tools

> * [CHANGE] copyblocks: copying between Azure Blob Storage buckets is now supported so the `--service` flag is now required to be specified (accepted values are `gcs` or `abs`). #4756

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] copyblocks: copying between Azure Blob Storage buckets is now supported in addition to copying between Google Cloud Storage buckets. As a result, the `--service` flag is now required to be specified (accepted values are `gcs` or `abs`). #4756
```
